=head1 Name

Linux Training

=head2 Fri 17 Nov 2017

Some notes made during the last course are recorded below.

Installation reboot happened just before coffee break.

Commands (slide 17) finished just before lunch break.

Finished upto slide 27 on day 1.


=head2 rsync

 rsync -uvi index.html scripting.html *jpg xr.sh 10-monitor.conf \
 sco@v0262.nbi.ac.uk:/var/www/nondb/html/customers/training/linux/


=head2 Fri 25 Oct 2019

Kubuntu 18.04.3 doesn't include a 1920x1080 resolution. So we will
need to get the students to C<wget> F<xr.sh> ans source it to set the
resolution. I have also put F<10-monitor.conf> on
http://streptomyces.org.uk/customers/training/linux/. This file will
be put in F</etc/X11/xorg.conf.d/> to make this resolution the default
resolution.

The actual modeline can be determined by

 cvt 1920 1080 60

usermod -G docker,vboxusers,wheel,users sco

=head2 Fri 01 Nov 2019

=head4 Notes after the course

After the installation make them start with a prepared image.

Day one finished after doing slide 30 (File ownership and permissions).

History of Linux in two columns which merge.

For the directory tree: moving around and referencing complicated paths.

Feedback: For every topic we need to ask for

- Quality of instruction
- Essentiality
- Desirability

The Directory Stack can go.
tee can go.
Command grouping can go.
Arrays can go.

Aliasing and .bashrc and .bash_profile can come forward.

Find should have a better demonstration.

Hidden files discussion can be shortened and simplified.

Job control to be highly reduced.

The sam softclip task is too complicated.

awk could be replaced by grep and introduce regular expressions.

zrun??




=cut

